Add docs for RDP NLA (#45282)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/desktop-access/active-directory.mdx

By default, Teleport will assume that a KDC is available on the same host that
is specified in the `ldap` configuration's `addr` field, using the default
Kerberos port.

For example, with the following configuration, Teleport will attempt to perform
NLA against `example.com:88`.

```yaml
windows_desktop_service:
    enabled: yes
    ldap:
      addr: example.com:636
```

Alternatively, you can override the KDC address by specifying the `kdc_address`
in your Teleport configuration file.

```yaml
windows_desktop_service:
    enabled: yes
    kdc_address: kdc.example.com   # defaults to port 88 if unspecified
```

To enable NLA, set the `TELEPORT_ENABLE_RDP_NLA` environment variable to `yes`
on any hosts running the Teleport's `windows_desktop_service`. Note that NLA is
only supported when connecting to hosts that are part of an Active Directory
domain. Teleport will not perform NLA when connecting to hosts as a local
Windows user.

### Computer Name

In order to complete a successful authentication flow, Teleport needs to know
the hostname of the target Windows server. If you are using Teleport's
LDAP-based discovery no action is necessary - Teleport will default to using the

> `teleport.dev/computer_name` label which is automaticaly populated. If this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`teleport.dev/computer_name` label which is automatically populated. If this
```

label is not present then Teleport will use the desktop's `addr` field.

If you register your Windows hosts via configuration file or via Teleport's API
and you want to enable NLA, then you should either:

> - manually set the `teleport.dev/dns_host_name` label to the proper hostname

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- manually set the `teleport.dev/computer_name` label to the proper hostname
```
